20_1 DataGrid: data source fields can't be 'this' and should not contain prohibited symbols (#1901)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxPivotGrid/1 Configuration/dataSource.md

- If the **PivotGrid** UI component gets data from a server, enable [remoteOperations](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/PivotGridDataSource/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/#remoteOperations') to notify the UI component that the server performs data processing operations.

> - Data field names cannot be `this` and should not contain the following characters: `.`, `:`, `[`, and `]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data field names cannot be equal to `this` and should not contain the following characters: `.`, `:`, `[`, and `]`.
```

> - If the **PivotGrid** UI component gets data from a server, enable [remoteOperations](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/PivotGridDataSource/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/#remoteOperations') to notify the UI component that the server performs data processing operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the **PivotGrid** UI component gets data from a server, enable [remoteOperations](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/PivotGridDataSource/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/#remoteOperations') to notify the UI component that the server processes data.
```
